Today is the day of the young master's wedding
Can you afford to disturb the happiness of the young master?
Is that Manager Liu from Fengming Bar?
What? I'll see you.
Nice to meet you
Hey, don't call me that!
I've been fired from the Wind and Cloud Bar.
What, didn't you follow Master Xiong?
Who dares to have trouble with you?
Yeah, I'm not a good job for this kid
I don't know what tongue I chewed on my back
The brain was inexplicably rushed over
Liu Chen, you look down on people
That's what happens.
Deserved sister-in-law
You don't think
You took my wedding dress and I didn't go there
Lao Tzu is hanging out with Master Jie now
true or false?
Is it Master Wanjie? Otherwise, who else could it be?
Master Jie is running out
As long as I do my job well
Take him with you when he returns to the capital
Why would you?
Much better than staying in this place where you can't pee
Yes, Brother Zheng
You are hanging out with Master Wanjie
Eat popular and drink spicy food in the future
And don't forget to share the soup with us!
Here it is.
Don't worry.
You can't go to Wanjia with me.